=head1 NAME

cpod - cron(8) friendly podcatcher

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<cpod> [B<-h>] [B<-p> I<number>] [B<-t> I<number>] [B<-v>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

cpod is a small cron(8) friendly podcatcher which is only responsible
for downloading podcast episodes. It doesn't play them, it doesn't
enqueue them and it doesn't track the episodes you already listend to. It
simply fetches them no more, no less.

If you don't pass any command line flags to cpod it will automatically
update all feeds and download all (new) episodes. Since cpod supports
continuous downloads you can also interrupted it at any point and the
next time you invoke it will automatically resume unfinished downloads,
unless those unfinished downloads are no part of your episode scope.

cpod is using a plain text file to store your podcast subscriptions. You
need to manually create this file before starting cpod for the first
time. Open the file with your favorite text editor and add your desired
URLs (one per line).  The file path is documented in the B<FILES>
section below.

For OPML import and export two separated optional binaries are provided.
If you installed them take a look at cpod-import(1) and cpod-export(1)
in case your are seeking more information.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-h>

Display help/defaults and exit.

=item B<-p> I<number>

Number of maximal parallel downloads.

=item B<-r> I<number>

Number of most recent episodes to download.

=item B<-v>

Display version number and exit.

=back

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

=over 4

=item CPOD_DOWNLOAD_DIR

The download directory (default: ~/podcasts).

=item HOME

Used as a fallback to determine path of users home directory.

=item USER

Used as a fallback to determine the users name.

=item XDG_CONFIG_HOME

Base directory with config files (default: ~/.config).

=back

=head1 FILES

=over 4

=item $CPOD_DOWNLOAD_DIR

Directory with downloaded podcast episodes.

=item $TMPDIR/cpod-$USER

Lock file used to ensure that cpod isn't invoked twice.

=item $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/cpod/urls

Plain text file containing all subscribed feeds.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

Update all feeds and download new episodes:

	cpod

Download the most recent episodes of each feed:

	cpod -r 1

Subscribe to a new podcast:

	echo "URL" >> "${XDG_CONFIG_HOME:-$HOME/.config}/cpod/urls"

=head1 SEE ALSO

cpod-export(1), cpod-import(1), cron(8)
